This case is the anchor run where output flow matches the reported value.

One keeps getting negative concentrations but it runs. The axial diffusion coefficienct
is based on interstetial velocity at high pressure at feed end. @ peclet number of 500

This run is done with no max or min clipping in sorbate adsorpotion rate calculations.

While adjsting the outflow, found that the negative mole fractions crop up especially during
blow down sequence. To eliminate these had to reduce the blow down rate ... which has 
some effect on the product quality .

Tried reducing the blow down rate by factor of 0.25, 0.35, 0.4, 0.45
Beyond 0.35 factor, we get negative concentrations of the order of -0.03. At each purge cycle as
a spike(lasting less than a second). Artifiact of convection dominated flow with sharp concentration front

Axial dispersion in steady state models relatively constant for moderate changes in fluid velocity changes
along the bed. But under unsteady state conditions, and with large changes in flow due to adsorption/desorption
one need a more sophisticated means of specifying the axial dispersion.

All of these results are with Bed saturation level of 50% at start
Blow Down Reduction factor (in Cv Blowdown Valve)
0.25  88.6 % O2    4.03cc/s Product    41.5cc/s Feed   // all compositions are in valid region
The following have spikes that violate composition constraing 0<x<1   (by 1 to 3%)
0.35   "            "                    "
0.40  91.0          "                  44.0cc/s Feed
0.45  "             "                   "

With 0.25 reduction as acceptable ... given no violations ...

Tried changing initial Bed saturation to  0. Problem refuses to integrate. When I change it to
10% saturation. Prolem runs with no hastles. And as expected the cycling steady state data is
very much in agreement with the previous run with 50% bed saturation. Some consolation.

Observation:
      Solver can not cope with large transients (that my cause high velocities or pressure gradients ..
because of very low axial dispersion coeff. In reality this should be transient aswell ... what form it should
take is still being investigated

That aside we still don't get product quality as high as 96.2 as reported in the book.
Product quality is only 88.5%
And the feed rate is only 41.5 as opposed to 66.7

Testing if the voidage should include particle voidage. That should push up
feed rate. But when I changed the voidage .. problem fails to solve after 360sec.
Well it did push down the feed rate and reduced product quality to 76%. Feed rate
went down to 35.  b.t.w solution failures are due to media error when molefraction goes
negative. Disabled the assertions to allow integration to completion.

Well from now on we assume that the flows rates reported are not
per bed. but instead for the whole system.
As a consequence product flow per bed is half that is in the table.
So is the input flow rate.

With the above adjustment, tried to revisit case 1,6 and 9.
with exp1 ... get excellent correspondence with experiment.
exp6 ... good match with inflow, but much better product quality than experiment and model (99%)
exp9 ... Not a good match with inflow, lower quality than experiment and model (90%O2)
